src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ActionFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ActionFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ActionFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ActionFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:18:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:18:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:30:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'35').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'35').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'37').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'37').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'41').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'41').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'43').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'43').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'45').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'45').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'47').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'47').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'49').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'49').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'51').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'51').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'53').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'53').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'55').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'action' (lines '31'-'55').
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:34:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:34:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:34:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:34:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:36:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:36:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:36:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:36:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:38:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:38:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:38:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:38:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:40:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:40:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:40:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:40:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:42:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:42:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:42:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:42:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:44:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:44:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:44:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:44:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:46:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:46:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:46:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:46:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:48:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:48:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:48:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:48:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:50:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:50:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:50:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:50:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:52:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:52:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:52:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:52:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:54:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:54:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:54:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/ActionFactory.java:54:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:31:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'command' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'command' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'af' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'af' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like af
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like af
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'action' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'action' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:40:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:40:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:41:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:41:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/board/controller/BoardServlet.java:47:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'execute': the method is declared in an interface type
src/com/board/board/controller/action/Action.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'execute': the method is declared in an interface type
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardDeleteAction.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:22:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:22:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lists' (lines '25'-'33').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lists' (lines '25'-'33').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'lists' is never used (overwritten on line 33)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'lists' is never used (overwritten on line 33)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '28'-'30').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '28'-'30').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalRow' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalRow' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalPage' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalPage' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pagePerGroup' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pagePerGroup' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPage' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPage' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:51:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:51:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:57:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:57:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:57:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:57:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:58:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:58:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:58:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:58:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:59:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:59:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:59:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:59:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:60:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:60:	IntegerInstantiation:	IntegerInstantiation: Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:60:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:60:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation: Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardListAction.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '25'-'50').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '25'-'50').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:25:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:43:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:43:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyAction.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardReplyFormAction.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '25'-'53').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '25'-'53').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:25:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:46:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:46:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateAction.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardUpdateFormAction.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.sql.Timestamp'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONArray'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONArray'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONArray'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONArray'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'num' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lists' (lines '36'-'37').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lists' (lines '36'-'37').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'lists' is never used (overwritten on line 37)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'lists' is never used (overwritten on line 37)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardViewAction.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Path'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.nio.file.Paths'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '27'-'51').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '27'-'51').
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:27:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'out'.
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savePath' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uploadFileSizeLimit' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like uploadFileSizeLimit
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enType' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multi' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteAction.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.List'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/BoardWriteFormAction.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.json.simple.JSONObject'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/CommentWriteAction.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.PrintWriter'
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bno' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bno' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'like' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'like' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/board/board/controller/action/LikeUpdateAction.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:15:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:20:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:30:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:30:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '30'-'35').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '30'-'35').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:31:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:31:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '31'-'36').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:31:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '31'-'36').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '32'-'37').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '32'-'37').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 37)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:32:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 37)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'boardCount' (lines '33'-'41').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'boardCount' (lines '33'-'41').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:34:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:34:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startNum' (lines '58'-'100').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startNum' (lines '58'-'100').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startNum' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startNum' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'startNum'.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'startNum'.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:58:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endNum' (lines '59'-'100').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endNum' (lines '59'-'100').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endNum' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endNum' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'endNum'.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:59:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'endNum'.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lists' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lists' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:62:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:62:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '62'-'76').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '62'-'76').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:63:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:63:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '63'-'77').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '63'-'77').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '64'-'79').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '64'-'79').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:66:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuffer has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 214 characters appended.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:66:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuffer has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 214 characters appended.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:67:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:67:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:67:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 7 consecutive times with literals. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:67:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 7 consecutive times with literals. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:68:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:68:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:70:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:70:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:71:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:71:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:72:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:72:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:75:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:75:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:82:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:82:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:87:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "content" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 87
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:87:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "content" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 87
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "writedate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "writedate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:95:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:95:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:107:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:107:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '107'-'111').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '107'-'111').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:108:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:108:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '108'-'112').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '108'-'112').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:110:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:110:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:123:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:123:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:134:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:134:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '134'-'138').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '134'-'138').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:135:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:135:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '135'-'139').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '135'-'139').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:137:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:137:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:144:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:144:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bVo' (lines '154'-'168').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bVo' (lines '154'-'168').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:155:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:155:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:155:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '155'-'160').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:155:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '155'-'160').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:156:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:156:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '156'-'161').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '156'-'161').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '157'-'165').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '157'-'165').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:157:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:159:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:159:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:168:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:168:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:181:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:181:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:192:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:192:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '192'-'196').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '192'-'196').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:193:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:193:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '193'-'197').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '193'-'197').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:195:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:195:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:206:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:206:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bVo' (lines '216'-'231').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bVo' (lines '216'-'231').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '217'-'222').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '217'-'222').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'conn' is never used (overwritten on line 222)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:217:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'conn' is never used (overwritten on line 222)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '218'-'223').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '218'-'223').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pstmt' is never used (overwritten on line 223)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:218:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pstmt' is never used (overwritten on line 223)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '219'-'228').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '219'-'228').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 228)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:219:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 228)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:231:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:231:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:242:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:242:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '251'-'255').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '251'-'255').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'conn' is never used (overwritten on line 255)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:251:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'conn' is never used (overwritten on line 255)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '252'-'256').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '252'-'256').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pstmt' is never used (overwritten on line 256)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:252:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pstmt' is never used (overwritten on line 256)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:262:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:262:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:268:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:268:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idx' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idx' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:272:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:272:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '272'-'280').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '272'-'280').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:273:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:273:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:273:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '273'-'298').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:273:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '273'-'298').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stmt' (lines '274'-'281').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stmt' (lines '274'-'281').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'stmt' is never used (overwritten on line 281)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:274:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'stmt' is never used (overwritten on line 281)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '275'-'286').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '275'-'286').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 286)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:275:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 286)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:277:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:277:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:278:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indent' (lines '278'-'289').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:278:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indent' (lines '278'-'289').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:311:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:311:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:319:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:319:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:319:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:319:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:322:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:322:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:322:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '322'-'328').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:322:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '322'-'328').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:323:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '323'-'329').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:323:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '323'-'329').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '324'-'344').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '324'-'344').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 344)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:324:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'rs' is never used (overwritten on line 344)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commentCount' (lines '325'-'346').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commentCount' (lines '325'-'346').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:326:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:326:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:359:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:359:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'comment_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:366:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'comment_list' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:369:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lists' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:369:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lists' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:369:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:369:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cVo' (lines '370'-'384').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cVo' (lines '370'-'384').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cVo' (lines '370'-'399').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cVo' (lines '370'-'399').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'cVo' is never used (overwritten on line 384)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:370:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'cVo' is never used (overwritten on line 384)
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:371:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:371:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:371:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '371'-'376').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:371:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '371'-'376').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:372:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:372:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '372'-'377').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:372:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '372'-'377').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '373'-'381').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '373'-'381').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:373:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:375:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:375:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:384:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:384:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:394:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:394:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bno' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bno' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'update_Like' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:402:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'update_Like' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:403:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:403:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:405:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:405:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:405:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '405'-'409').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:405:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '405'-'409').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:406:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:406:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:406:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '406'-'410').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:406:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '406'-'410').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:408:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:408:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:416:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:416:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bno' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bno' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'select_Like' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:423:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'select_Like' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:426:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:426:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:426:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '426'-'431').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:426:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '426'-'431').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:427:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:427:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:427:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '427'-'432').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:427:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '427'-'432').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '428'-'434').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '428'-'434').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:428:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:429:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'like' (lines '429'-'437').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:429:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'like' (lines '429'-'437').
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:430:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:430:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:440:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/BoardDAO.java:440:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:11:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:11:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pwd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pwd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'37').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'37').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'39').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'39').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'42').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '24'-'42').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '26'-'31').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '26'-'31').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '27'-'32').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '27'-'32').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '28'-'34').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:28:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '28'-'34').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:30:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:30:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:44:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:44:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:48:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:48:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:53:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:53:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:55:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:55:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mVo' (lines '63'-'74').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mVo' (lines '63'-'74').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '65'-'69').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '65'-'69').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '66'-'70').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '66'-'70').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '67'-'72').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '67'-'72').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:68:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:68:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:82:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:82:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:83:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:83:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:91:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:91:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:92:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:92:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:93:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:93:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '101'-'112').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '101'-'112').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '101'-'114').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '101'-'114').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '103'-'107').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '103'-'107').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '104'-'108').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '104'-'108').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '105'-'110').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '105'-'110').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:106:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:106:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:116:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:116:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:117:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:117:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:122:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:122:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:126:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:126:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:127:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:127:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '135'-'148').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '135'-'148').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:137:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '137'-'140').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:137:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '137'-'140').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:138:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '138'-'141').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:138:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '138'-'141').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:139:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:139:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:150:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:150:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:154:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:154:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:155:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:155:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:158:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:158:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:159:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:159:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '168'-'181').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '168'-'181').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '172'-'175').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '172'-'175').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '173'-'176').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '173'-'176').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:174:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:174:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:182:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:182:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:183:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:183:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:186:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:186:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:188:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:188:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:189:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:189:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:190:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:190:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:191:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:191:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:199:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:199:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '200'-'210').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '200'-'210').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sql' could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:203:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '203'-'206').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:203:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '203'-'206').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:204:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '204'-'207').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:204:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pstmt' (lines '204'-'207').
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:205:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:205:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:214:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:214:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:217:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:217:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:218:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:218:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:221:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:221:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:225:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:225:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:226:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dao/MemberDAO.java:226:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'BoardVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.704%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=27)
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'BoardVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.704%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=27)
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'comment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'comment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_count' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:18:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_count' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'like_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'like_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'like_it' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:19:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'like_it' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:21:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLike_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:21:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLike_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'like_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'like_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'like_it' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'like_it' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLike_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLike_it' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'like_it' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'like_it' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:27:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getComment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:27:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getComment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'comment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'comment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comment_count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comment_count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setComment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setComment_count' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_count' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:30:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_count' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pictureUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pictureUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'readcount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'readcount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writedate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/BoardVO.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writedate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CommentVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:5:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CommentVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.091%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'comment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'comment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:6:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'board_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'board_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'board_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:7:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'board_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:11:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getComment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:11:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getComment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'comment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'comment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comment_num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comment_num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setComment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setComment_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:14:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'comment_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:17:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBoard_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:17:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getBoard_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'board_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'board_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board_num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board_num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setBoard_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setBoard_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'board_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:20:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'board_num' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writedate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/CommentVO.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writedate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MemberVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.692%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=13)
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MemberVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=7.692%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=13)
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pwd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pwd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'admin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/MemberVO.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'admin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'WeatherVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'WeatherVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'loc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'loc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_x' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:4:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_x' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'loc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'loc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_y' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:5:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_y' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:7:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLoc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:7:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLoc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'loc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'loc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc_x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc_x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLoc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLoc_x' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_x' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:10:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_x' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:13:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLoc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:13:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'getLoc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'loc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'loc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc_y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc_y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLoc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'setLoc_y' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_y' is not final.
src/com/board/common/dto/WeatherVO.java:16:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'loc_y' is not final.
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:28:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/IdCheckServlet.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:32:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phone' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phone' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '49'-'59').
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '49'-'59').
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:50:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:50:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/JoinServlet.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:29:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '30'-'34').
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '30'-'34').
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:41:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '42'-'55').
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '42'-'55').
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:49:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:49:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'login_user_info' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'login_user_info' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'login_user_info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'login_user_info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'login_user_info' is not final.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:50:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'login_user_info' is not final.
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LoginServlet.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:19:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:19:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:26:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/LogoutServlet.java:34:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpSession'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpSession'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpSession'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpSession'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.board.common.dto.MemberVO'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.board.common.dto.MemberVO'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.board.common.dto.MemberVO'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.board.common.dto.MemberVO'
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:35:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:45:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:45:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberDropServlet.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:24:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dispatcher' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:35:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userid' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pwd' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phone' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phone' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mVo' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mDao' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:53:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:53:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/board/member/controller/MemberUpdateServlet.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/util/DBManager.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/util/DBManager.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/util/DBManager.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:13:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '13'-'17').
src/util/DBManager.java:13:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '13'-'17').
src/util/DBManager.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'init' could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'init' could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSource' could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dataSource' could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/util/DBManager.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/util/DBManager.java:18:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:18:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:19:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/util/DBManager.java:19:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/util/DBManager.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/util/DBManager.java:30:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:30:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:31:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/util/DBManager.java:31:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/util/DBManager.java:40:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:40:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/util/DBManager.java:41:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/util/DBManager.java:41:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
